Add mavenLocal() repository warning (#3878)
JetBrains/kotlin-web-site: docs/topics/gradle/gradle-configure-project.md

</tab>
</tabs>

## Declare repositories

To declare a publicly-available repository so that you can use its open source dependencies, set the name of the repository

> in the `repositories` block:

Reviewer: Should we also mention [this centralized way](https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/declaring_repositories.html#sub:centralized-repository-declaration) to declare repositories?

</tab>
</tabs>

## Declare repositories

> To declare a publicly-available repository so that you can use its open source dependencies, set the name of the repository

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can declare a publicly-available repository to use its open-source dependencies. In the `repositories{}` block, set the name of the repository:
```

> in the `repositories{}` block:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

<tabs group="build-script">
<tab title="Kotlin" group-key="kotlin">

```kotlin
repositories {
    mavenCentral()
}
```
</tab>
<tab title="Groovy" group-key="groovy">

```kotlin
repositories {
    mavenCentral()
}
```
</tab>
</tabs>

> Popular repositories are the [Maven Central Repository](https://central.sonatype.com/) and [Google's Maven Repository](https://maven.google.com/web/index.html).

Reviewer: On the second thought - better not to do it.

> Popular repositories are the [Maven Central Repository](https://central.sonatype.com/) and [Google's Maven Repository](https://maven.google.com/web/index.html).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Popular repositories are [Maven Central](https://central.sonatype.com/) and the [Google's Maven repository](https://maven.google.com/web/index.html).
```

> > If you also work with Maven projects then we recommend that you avoid adding `mavenLocal()` as a repository because you

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> If you also work with Maven projects, we recommend avoiding adding `mavenLocal()` as a repository because you
```

> may experience problems when switching between Gradle and Maven projects. If you must add the `mavenLocal()` repository,

> > then add it as the last repository in your `repositories{}` block. For more information, see

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> add it as the last repository in your `repositories{}` block. For more information, see
```

> [The case for mavenLocal()](https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/declaring_repositories.html#sec:case-for-maven-local).
> 
{type="warning"}

If you need to declare the same repositories in more than one subproject, declare the repositories centrally in your

> `settings.gradle(.kts)` file via the `dependencyResolutionManagement{}` block:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`dependencyResolutionManagement{}` block of the `settings.gradle(.kts)` file:
```

<tabs group="build-script">
<tab title="Kotlin" group-key="kotlin">

```kotlin
dependencyResolutionManagement {
    repositories {
        mavenCentral()
    }
}
```
</tab>
<tab title="Groovy" group-key="groovy">

```kotlin
dependencyResolutionManagement {
    repositories {
        mavenCentral()
    }
}
```
</tab>
</tabs>

Any declared repositories in subprojects override repositories declared centrally. For more information on how to control

> this behavior and what options are available, see Gradle's documentation: [Centralized repository declaration](https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/declaring_repositories.html#sub:centralized-repository-declaration).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
this behavior and what options are available, see [Gradle's documentation](https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/declaring_repositories.html#sub:centralized-repository-declaration).
```
